14-hour-old baby of Abu Qrenat - The baby’s mother, in her ninth month of pregnancy when she was shot and killed by Hamas terrorists. Her baby was delivered in an emergency procedure, but died 14 hours later, on October 7.
Abed AlKarim AlAnsasra, 53, of Kuseife, murdered by Hamas terrorists while participating in rescue efforts at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Abed AlRahman Aatef Elziadna, 29, of Rahat - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in the attack on Zikim Beach.
Abed AlRahman Alensara, 50, of Kuseife - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Abed Elcarim el-Nasasra, 53, of Kuseife, murdered by Hamas terrorists while participating in rescue efforts at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Ablum (Albert) Mills, 80, of Kibbutz Be’eri – Murdered in his home in Kibbutz Be’eri by Hamas terrorists. 
Adam Barima, a Sudanese national, murdered by Hamas terrorists in Sderot.
Adam Iliev, 22, of Ashdod - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Adi Danan, 68, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home in Kibbutz Be’eri.
Adi Margalit, 24, of Moshav Haniel - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Adi Ohana, 43, of Moshav Mavki’im – an employee of the Israel Electric Company, Adi was accidentally murdered by friendly fire at a roadblock near his home.  
Adi Rivka Meisel, 21, of Karei Shomron - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Adi Vitel Kaplon, 34, of Moshav Dekel - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in Kibbutz Holit.
Adiel Twito, 30, of Petah Tikva - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Adir Mesika, 23, of Even Yehuda - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Adir Tamam, 40, of Holon - Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Adrienne Neta, 66, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Murdered in her home by Hamas terrorists.
Alexander Dancyg, 75, of Kibbutz Nir Oz, was abducted from his home on October 7 and killed in Hamas captivity. His family was informed of his death on July 22, 2024; IDF forces located his body in the Gaza Strip on August 20, and he was returned to Israel.
Alexander Lobanov, 32, of Ashkelon, married and father of two, was working as a bar manager at the Nova Music Festival when the attack occurred. A Russian-Israel, witnesses testified he was seen helping people escape when he was captured. He was held captive for over 300 days before being brutally murdered just a few days ago. On Saturday, August 31, 2024, a combined IDF-ISA force located his body and returned it to Israel. 
Alexander Samoilov, 28, of Rishon LeZion - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Alexandre Look, 35, of Montreal, a Canadian national - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Alina Falhati, 23, of Beit She'an - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Alina Weissberg, 17, of Beer Sheva - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in the attack on Zikim Beach.
Aline Kapshetar, 8, of Dimona – Murdered in the family car in Sderot, together with other family members. 
Alisia Levine, 34, of Carmiel - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Allysia Levine, 34, of Carmiel - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Almog Sarusi, 27, of Ra’anana, was abducted to the Gaza Strip by Hamas terrorists from the Nova Music Festival on October 7. He was attending the wounds of his girlfriend Shahar, who was wounded in the attack when he was captured. Shahar succumbed to her wounds. He was held captive for over 300 days before being brutally murdered just a few days ago. On Saturday, August 31, 2024, a combined IDF-ISA force located his body and returned it to Israel. 
Alon Even, 16, of Kibbutz Be'eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home in the kibbutz.
Alon Lulu Shamriz, 26, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza - Abducted from his home on October 7. He managed to escape from Hamas captivity on December 15, but was mistaken for a terrorist by IDF troops, who opened fire and killed him during battle.
Alon Shamli, 34, of Bat Yam - Murdered in the terror attack in Alexandria, Egypt.
Alon Toledano, 50, of Tel Aviv – Murdered by Hamas terrorists in Sderot.
Alon Verber, 26, of Raanana - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Alon Verber, 26, of Raanana - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Amar Abu Sebila, 25, of Abu Talul - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Amin Akel AlKaran, 11, of Kukhleh – Murdered when a rocket launched from Gaza struck his home.
Amir Tanbura, 23, of Sderot – Murdered by Hamas terrorists in Sderot.
Amir Weiss, 69, of Kibbutz Be’eri – Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home in Kibbutz Be’eri.
Amiram Cooper, 84, of Kibbutz Nir Oz was abducted brutally from his home on the kibbutz on October 7 together with his wife Nurit Cooper. The IDF recently learned he was killed in Hamas captivity, together with Haim Perry, Yoram Metzger, and Nadav Popplewell. His wife, Nurit, Nurit, was released on October 23.  One of the founders of Kibbutz Nir Oz, he served as the chief economist of the Ma’or region settlements for many years. His family was notified of his death on June 3. His body remains in Gaza.
Amit Ben Abeida, 19, of Tel Aviv - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Amit Buskila, 28, of Ashdod, was killed on October 7 at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im and her body was abducted to Gaza by Hamas terrorists. Her body was located on May 17, 2024, by IDF forces and returned to Israel for burial.
Amit Cohen, 25, of Hod Hasharon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Amit Gabai, 18, of Kibbutz Re’im - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at his home in Kibbutz Re’im.
Amit Haim Cohen, 25, of Meitar - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Amit Lahav, 23, of Rishon LeZion - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Amit Levi, 22, of Holon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Amit Magnazi, 22, of Nes Ziona - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Amit Yitzhak David, 24, of Beit Shemesh - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Amitai Ben Tzvi, 80, of Kibbutz Nir Oz – Murdered by Hamas terrorist in his home in Kibbutz Nir Oz
Amitai Malihi, 20, of Rosh Ha’ayin - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Amnon Betzalel, 64, of Bat Yam - Murdered in the terror attack in Alexandria, Egypt.
Ananda Shah, Nepali national – Murdered at Kibbutz Alumim.
Andrei Zemkov, 39, of Ofakim - Murdered in his home by Hamas terrorists.
Angeline Agirs, 32, a Philippine national - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at Kibbutz Alumim 
Anita Lisman, 25, of Tel Aviv - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Anna Ella Misheyev, 65, of Ofakim.
Anton Guryanov, 37, of Safed - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Antonio Massias Monteno, 27, of Kfar Saba - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Anucha Sophakun, Thai national. 
Anula Jayathilaka, 49, Sri Lanka national, murdered by Hamas terrorists at Kibbutz Be'eri.
Apichart Gusaram, Thai national.
Arbel Siman Tov, 6, of Kibbutz Nir Oz - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home.
Arenthit Kayson, 29, a Thai national, murdered by Hamas terrorists near the Gaza Strip, 7 October. 
Arie Hefetz, 28, of Ramla - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Arieh Uzan, 66, of Moshav Gilat - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in the attack on Zikim Beach.
Arieh Zalmanovitch, 85, of Kibbutz Nir Oz - Abducted by Hamas terrorists from Nir Oz on October 7, he was subsequently murdered in Hamas captivity. His family was notified of his death on December 1, 2023. 
Ariel Bilia, 28, of Ofakim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home in Ofakim.
Arik (Arie) Peretz, 58, of Kiriat Haim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im together with his daughter Ruth.
Arnan Phetrkaeo, Thai national.
Arnatit Kayson, 29, , murdered near Gaza on October 7.
Aryeh Akuni of Moshav Netiv HaAsara - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home on Moshav Netiv HaAsara.
Ashish Chaudhary, Nepali national - Nepali student.
Assaf Feber, 23, of Kibbutz Re’im - Murdered in his home by Hamas terrorists.
Assaf Mordechai Edberg, 23, of Hadera - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Assaf Shlesinger, 57, of Rosh Ha’ayin – A paramedic, he was head of the medical team at the Niva Music Festival, where he was murdered by Hamas terrorists.
Avi Dadon, 44, of Afula - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Avi Hasdai, 53, of Ramat Gan - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in the attack on Zikim Beach.
Avi Meguira, 448, of Sderot – Murdered by Hamas terrorists in Sderot.
Avi Mor, 61, of Kibbutz Be’eri – Murdered in his home by Hamas terrorists. 
Avi Sassi, 64, of Los Angeles - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Avi Zakuto, 53, of Beer Sheva - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in Ofakim.
Avia Ganot, 32, of Tzofim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Aviad Avraham Edri, 31, of Nitzan Bet - Murdered in Kfar Aza.
Aviad Halevy, 29, of Moshav Gan HaDarom – Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Avidan Turgeman, 26, of Moshav Masu'ot Yitzhak - Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Aviel oren, 28, of Jerusalem - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Aviel Shalom Rahamim, 27, of Merkaz Shapira - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Aviv Atzili, 49, of Kibbutz Nir Oz –abducted by Hamas terrorists from his home, he was subsequently murdered in Hamas captivity. His family was notified of his death on November 30, 2023. 
Aviv Eliyahu, 38, of Moshav Elkosh - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Aviv Kutz, 54, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza - Murdered in his home in Kibbutz Kfar Azza.
Aviv Sassi, 64, of Los Angeles - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Aviv Vertheim, 57, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza – Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home. 
Avner Goren, 56, of Kibbutz Nir Oz – Murdered in his home by Hamas terrorists.
Avraham (Rami) Katzir, 78, of Kibbutz Nir Oz - Murdered by terrorists in his home in Kibbutz Nir Oz.
Avraham Avi Hatuel, 57, of Ofakim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home in Ofakim. 
Avraham Gilad Tiberg, 24, of Petah Tikva - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Avraham Munder, 79, of Kibbutz Nir Oz, was abducted from his home on October 7 together with this wife Ruth, daughter Keren and grandson Ohad who were released in the November outline. He was killed while in Hamas captivity. IDF forces located his body in Gaza on August 20, 2024 and he was returned to Israel.
Avshalom Haran, 65, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home in Kibbutz Be’eri.
Awad Darawshe, 25, of Iksal – a paramedic and ambulance driver, he was murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Ayala Hezroni, 73, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home in Kibbutz Be’eri.
Ayelet Arnin, 22, of Atzmon, an editor at the Kan 11 media organization - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Ayelet Goddard, 63, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home in Kibbutz Be’eri.
Ayelet Molko, 54, of Moshav Netiv HaAsara – Murdered in her home by Hamass terrorists. 
Bar Lior Nakmoli, 27, of Rehovot - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Bar Shechter, 32, of Katzir - Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Bar Tomer, 26, of Kibbutz Ein Shemer - Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Bar Zohar, 23, of Moshav Kfar Warburg - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Barak Davidi, 28, of Tek Aviv - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Ben Bernstein, 23, of Moshav Tzipori - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Ben Fishman, 21, of Kfar Saba - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Ben Hassid, 23, of Rishon LeZion - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Ben Menashe Mizrahi, 22, of Yavne - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Ben Shimoni, 31, Of Ashkelon - Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Ben Uri, 31, of Rishon LeZion - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Benjamin Achimeir, 14, of the West Bank outpost Malachei HaShalom, was murdered in a terrorist attack on Friday, 12 April while herding sheep.
Benny Gennish, 70, of Ashkelon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in the attack on Zikim Beach.
Bernard Cohen of Kibbutz Sufa - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home.
Berta Bastain Shemayev, 56, of Ofakim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists while on a tour bus that stopped in Sderot.
Bilhah Epstein, 84, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home in Kibbutz Kfar Azza.
Bilhah Yinon, 75, of Moshav Netiv HaAsara - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home.
Binyamin Ben Cohen, 27, of Beit Hashmonai - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Bnayahu Biton, 23, of Jerusalem - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Braha Grekovich, 47, of Kibbutz Kissufim – Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home in Kibbutz Kissufim.
Braha Levinson, 74, of Kibbutz Nir Oz – Murdered in her home by Hamas terrorists.
Bruna Văleanu, 24, of Kfar Saba - Immigrated from Brazil with her mother and sister, murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Carmel Bachar, 15, of Kibbutz Be'eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home in Kibbutz Be'eri.
Carmel Gat, 40, of Tel Aviv, an occupational therapist, was visiting with her parents in Kibbutz Be’eri when the terrorist attack began on October 7 and she was captured and abducted by the Hamas terrorists to the Gaza Strip. She was held captive for over 300 days before being brutally murdered just a few days ago. On Saturday, August 31, 2024, a combined IDF-ISA force located her body and returned it to Israel. 
Carmella Dan, 80, of Kibbutz Nir Oz - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home in Kibbutz Nir Oz.
Carol Siman Tov, 70, of Kibbutz Nir Oz - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home.
Caroline Bol, 22, a German national, murdered by Hamas terrorists during the attack on Kibbutz Nir Oz.
Celine Rahek Ben Daviv Nager, 32, of Holon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Chai Recsanun, Thai national, killed near Gaza on October 7.
Chairat Sanusan, Thai national, Murdered by Hamas terrorists in Kibbutz Kissufim.
Chana Kritzman, 88, of Kibbutz Be’eri – murdered in her home by Hamas terrorists. 
Chaya Reksanon, murdered by Hamas terrorists, 7 October.
Cherkpan Diotaisong, 37, Thai national, murdered by Hamas terrorists near the Gaza Strip, 7 October.
Chi Zanhung. 47, a Chinese national - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in Sderot on October 7.
Chum Udum, 24, a Cambodian national – Murdered by Hamas terrorists in Kibbutz Karmia.
Clemence Felix Matenga, 22, a Tanzanian national, an agriculture student, murdered by Hamas terrorists in Kibbutz Nir Oz, October 7.
Dado Tsafir, 45, of Ashkelon - Murdered at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Dali Zoeo, 35 a Chinese national - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in Sderot on October 7.
Dalia Abu Madiam, 30, of Rahat - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at her place of work.
Dan Ariel, 22, of Herzlia - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Dan Ben Hemp, 26, of Raanana - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Dan Damari, 21, of Tzohar - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Dan Zomer, 27, of Nes Ziona - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Dana Bachar, 48, of Kibbutz Beéri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home in Kibbutz Be'eri.
Dani Alush, 53, of Omer – Killed by friendly fire after mistakenly being identified as a terrorist. 
Dani Wobak, 45, of Moshav Netiv HaAsara - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home in Moshav Netiv HaAsara.
Daniel Asher Cohen, 32, of Ramat Gan - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Daniel Ben Senior, 34, of Or Akiva - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Daniel Ben Senior, 34, of Or Akiva - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Daniel Braslevski, 31, of Kiriat Gat - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Daniel Braslevski, 31, of Kiriat Gat - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Daniel Dan Darlington, 34, of the United Kingdom – Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Daniel Dan Darlington, 34, of the United Kingdom – Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Daniel Galtman, 26, of Rishon LeZion -   murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Daniel Galtman, 26, of Rishon LeZion -   murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Daniel Kimmenfeld, 64, of Ashkelon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in the attack on Zikim Beach.
Daniel Kimmenfeld, 64, of Ashkelon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in the attack on Zikim Beach.
Daniel Ohana, 24, of Jerusalem - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Daniel Ohana, 24, of Jerusalem - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Daniel Peled, 28, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza – Murdered in his home by Hamas terrorists in Kibbutz Kfar Azza.
Daniel Sheinkerman, 25, of Holon - Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Daniel Sheinkerman, 25, of Holon - Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Daniel Vadai, 27, of Jerusalem - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Daniel Vadai, 27, of Jerusalem - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Daniel Waldman, 24, of Kiriat Tivon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Daniella (Dana) Patrenko, 23, of Haifa - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Danielle Cohen, 25, of Netanya - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Danielle Waldman, 24, of Kiriat Tivon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
David Alberto Schwartzman, 67, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza - Murdered in his home in Kibbutz Kfar Azza. 
David Karol, 72, of Kibbutz Be’eri – Murdered in his home by Hamas terrorists.
David Katzir, 72, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza – Murdered by terrorists in his home on October 7
David Lischov, 35, of Kiriat Yam - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
David Nahum, 24, of Moshav Mivtahim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
David Shalev, 75, of Kibbutz Nir Oz – Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home in Kibbutz Nir Oz.
David Yair Shalom Ne’eman, 30, of Jerusalem - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Dean Nehorai Bar, 27, of Ahuzat Barak - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Dikla Arava, 51, of Kibbutz Nahal Oz – Murdered in her home by Hamas terrorists.
Dina Kapshetar, 35, of Dimona – Murdered in the family car in Sderot, together with other family members. 
Dipash Raj Bista, a Nepalese national, was murdered by Hamas terrorists during the attack on Kibbutz Alumim.
Dipash Raj Bista, murdered by Hamas terrorists during the attack on Kibbutz Alumim.
Dmitri Sorokin, 51, of Ashkelon - killed on his way home from Sderot.
Dolev Swisa, 34, of Sderot - Murdered by Hamas terrorists near his home in Sderot.
Dolev Yehud, 35, of Kibbutz Nir Oz, father of four and volunteer medic, was murdered by Hamas terrorists on October 7. Presumed a hostage, his remains were found inside Israel and only just identified. Following DNA examination, the IDF has confirmed that a previously unidentified body was that of Dolev. He is survived by his wife and four children, one of whom was born on October 16, while Dolev was still believed to be in Hamas captivity. His family were notified of his death on June 3. 
Dor Avitan, 26, of Eilat - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Dor Hanan Shafir, 30, of Modi’in - Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Dor Malka, 29, of Eilat - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Dor Rider, 21, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Murdered by terrorists in his home.
Dorin Atias, 24, of Ganei Tikva - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Dorit Vertheim, 54, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home. 
Doron Boldas, 34, of Moshav Gan Hashomron - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Doron Meir, 58, of Kibbutz Nirim – Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home in Kibbutz Nirim. 
Dr. Daniel Levi, 35, of Kiriat Ono – doctor at the Soroka Medical Center in Be'er Sheva, murdered by Hamas terrorists in the Be’eri clinic.
Dr. Hagit Refaeli Mishkin, 48, of Hod Hasharon – Murdered by terrorists near Kibbutz Be’eri.
Dr. Lara Tannous, 42, of Jerusalem, succumbed on Wednesday, 24 January to wounds sustained in the terror attack north of Ofra at the beginning of the month.
Dr. Lilia Gurevitch, 38, of Omer - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Dr. Marcelle Freulich, 64, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Murdered in her home by Hamas terrorists.
Dr. Victoria Gridskol, 81, of Ofakim - Murdered in her home in Ofakim by Hamas terrorists.
Dror Bahat, 30, of Kibbutz Beit Alfa - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Dror Kaplun, 68, of Kibbutz Be’eri – Originally reported missing, he was murdered on 7 October and his body abducted to Gaza by the terrorists. His family was informed of his death on December 7.
Dror Or, 49, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Presumed abducted on October 7, it has been confirmed that he was killed on the day of the massacre and his body was taken to Gaza by the Hamas terrorists where it is still being held. His family was notified of his murder on May 3, 2024. 
Dudi Sharon, 47, of Naharia - Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Dudi Turgeman, 26, of Moshav Sde Nitan - Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Dueh Sayan, 35, Thai national, murdered by Hamas terrorists near the Gaza Strip, 7 October.
Dvir Karp, 46, of Kibbutz Re’im – murdered by terrorists in his home.
Dvir Rahamim, 23, of Ashdod - Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Eden Abdulayev, 23, of Ramat Gan - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Eden Ben Rubi, 23, of Rishon LeZion - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Eden Gez, 31, of Ashkelon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Eden Liz Ohayon, 24. Of Tirat HaCarmel - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Eden Moshe, 27, Beit Hashmonai - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Eden Naftali, 23, of Rishon LeZion - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Eden Yerushalmi, 24, of Tel Aviv, a Pilates instructor, was working as a bartender at the Nova Music Festival on October 7 when the attack began. She was held captive for over 300 days before being brutally murdered just a few days ago. On Saturday, August 31, 2024, a combined IDF-ISA force located her body and returned it to Israel. 
Eden Zacharia, 28, of Rishon LeZion - Abducted from the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im on 7 October, she was subsequently murdered in Hamas captivity. Her body was located by IDF troops in Gaza on December 11.
Edna Bluestein, 79, a social worker from Raanana, was murdered in a combined ramming and stabbing terror attack on 15 January in Raanana.
Edna Malekmo, 45, of Sderot – Murdered by Hamas terrorists in an ambush near Sderot. 
Efrat Katz, 69, of Kibbutz Nir Oz - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home.
Einav Elkayam Levy, 32, of Givatayim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Einav Hen Burstein, 39, of Carmiel - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Eitan Kapshetar, 5, of Dimona – Murdered in the family car in Sderot, together with other family members. 
Eitan Levy, 53, of Bat Yam - A taxi driver who encountered terrorists on the way to Kibbutz Be'eri, he was murdered on October 7 at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re’im, and his body was taken to Gaza by Hamas. Israeli authorities notified his family of his murder of 8 December.
Eitan Snir, 21, of Ahuzat Barak - Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Eitan Ziv, 74, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home. 
Elad Fingerhut, 38, of Kibbutz Metzuba in western Galilee, a civilian, was killed in an anti-tank missile attack launched by Hezbollah from Lebanon.
Elad Katzir, 47, of Kibbutz Nir Oz. Abducted from his kibbutz on October 7, he was held in captivity in Gaza where he was subsequently murdered by the terrorists. His body was retrieved from Khan Younis in the southern Gaza Strip by IDF Commando forces and returned to Israel on 5th April.
Elazar Samuelov, 21, of Ashdod - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Eldad Angel Bergman, 26, of Merkaz Shapira - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Eli Refai, 42, of Yavne – Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im while attempting to rescue his sister.
Elia Iluz, 27, of Ashkelon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Elia Shametz, 35, of Haifa - Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Elia Toledano, 27, of Tel Aviv – Abducted from the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im on 7 October, he was subsequently murdered in Hamas captivity. His body was located by IDF troops in Gaza on December 14 and repatriated to Israel.
Eliad Ohayon, 23, of Ofakim – Murdered in Ofakim by Hamas terrorists while attempting to assist in rescue efforts during the attack.
Eliran Mizrahi, 24, of Petah Tikva - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Eliyahu (Churchill) Margalit, 75, of Kibbutz Nir Oz - Abducted by Hamas terrorists from Nir Oz on October 7 and subsequently murdered in Hamas captivity. His family was notified of his death on December 1, 2023. 
Eliyahu (Eliko) Reichenstein, 75, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza - murdered by terrorists in his home in Kfar Azza.
Eliyahu Orgad, 72, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home in Kfar Aza.
Eliyahu Uzan, 40, of Ashdod – Murdered by Hamas terrorists in the attack on Zikim Beach.
Eliyahu Ya’akov Bernstein, 20, of Jerusalem - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Elizur Tzuriel Hajbi, 60, of Moshav Yakhini - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in Moshav Yakhini.
Ella Hamoy, 26, of Kibbutz Nir Yitzhak - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Emma Poliakov, 86, of Ofakim – Murdered in her home in Ofakim.
Eren Goren, 33, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza - Murdered in her home by Hamas terrorists.
Etti Zak, 50, of Kibbutz Kissufim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home. 
Evgeni Postel, 25, of Beer Sheva - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Evgeny Kapshetar, 36, of Dimona – Murdered in the family car in Sderot, together with other family members. 
Eviatar Kipnis, 65, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Murdered in his home in Kibbutz Be’eri.
Eyal Uzan 54, of Moshav Netu'a – Killed by an anti-tank rocket fired from Lebanon on December 7.
Faiza Abu Sabieh, 57, of Kukhleh - Murdered when a rocket struck her home.
Fatma Altlakat, 35, of Arara – Murdered in Ofakim.
Frabash Bandari, a Nepalese national, was murdered by Hamas terrorists at Kibbutz Nirim. 
Freha Ifergan, 81, of Ashkelon - Murdered in Ashkelon on October 7.
Gabi Azulai, 44, of Kiriat Malachi - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Gabriel Yishai Barel,22, of Safed - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Gad Haggai, 73, of Kibbutz Nir Oz – Abducted from his home by Hamas terrorists together with his wife on October 7, he was subsequently murdered in Hamas captivity. His family was informed of his death on December 22.
Gal Abdush, 34, of Kiryat Ekron - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Gal Danguri, 23, of Beit Arye - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Gal Navon, 30, of Ramat Gan - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Galit Carbone, 66, of Hod Hasharon – Murdered by terrorists in Kibbutz Be’eri.
Ganesh Kumar Nepali, a Nepalese national, was murdered by Hamas terrorists during the attack on Kibbutz Alumim.
Gaya Halifa, 23, of Kiriat Ono - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Geula Bachar, 60, of Kibbutz Be'eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home in Kibbutz Be'eri.
Gideon (Gidi) Hiel, 24, of Ahuzat Barak - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Gideon Babani, 66, of Yehud - he was visiting friends at Kibbutz Nirim, where he was murdered by Hamas terrorists.
Gideon Fauker, 80, of Kibbutz Nir Oz - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home.
Gideon Harel Rivlin, 18, of Otniel - Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Gidi Hiel, 24, of Ahuzat Barak - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Gil Yosef Avni, 26, of Caesaria - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Gila Peled, 59, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza – Murdered in her home in Kibbutz Kfar Azza.
Gilad Ben Yehuda, 28, of Kibbutz Naán - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Gilad Kfir, 48, of Gan Yavne – Murdered by Hamas terrorists at Moshav Netiv HaAsara.
Gili Adar, 24, of Lapid - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Gina Smiatich, 90, of Kibbutz Kissufim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home.
Giora Duvdevani, 81, of Moshav Talmei Yosef - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home in Moshav Talmei Yosef.
Goytum Jabrahiwat, an Eritrean national and asylum seeker - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in Sderot on October 7.
Gracie Cabrera, 45, Philippine national – Murdered in Kibbutz Be’eri.
Guy Azar, 23, of Rishon LeZion - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Guy Gabriel Levi, 24, of Moshav Neve Yamin - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Guy Iluz, 26, of Raanana – abducted by Hamas terrorists from the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im and subsequently murdered in captivity. His family was notified of his death of December 1, 2023.
Hadar Berdichevsky, 30, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home at Kibbutz Kfar Azza but gave her life to save her 10-month-old twins.  
Hadar Hushan, 27, of Petah Tikva - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Hadar Prince, 21, of Gedera - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Hagai Efrat, 83, Rishon LeZion – Murdered in the terror attack in Alexandria, Egypt.
Hai Haim Zfati, 27, of Kiriat Ata - Murdered at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Hai Zfati, 27, of Kiriat Ata - Murdered at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Haim Ashraf, 68, of Sderot - Murdered in his home by Hamas Terrorists. 
Haim Benaim, 56, of Moshav Netiv HaAsara - Murdered while bicycling in Nahal Shikma.
Haim Livne, 87, of Kibbutz Nahal Oz - Murdered in his home by Hamas terrorists.
Haim Perry, 79, of Kibbutz Nir Oz, was brutally abducted from his home by Hamas terrorists on October 7 and held hostage in the Gaza Strip. Following the gathering of new intelligence findings, the IDF confirmed his death in Hamas captivity, as well as the death of three other hostages: Amiram Cooper, Yoram Metzger, and Nadav Popplewell. Peace activist and artist, he volunteered to transport sick children from Gaza to Israel to receive medical treatment. His family was notified of his death on June 3. He is survived by his wife, Osnat, who managed to hide from the terrorists during the attack, five children and 13 grandchildren. IDF forces located his body in the Gaza Strip on August 20, and he was returned to Israel.
Haim Zohar, 73, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in Kibbutz Be’eri.
Haled AlFahrin, 50, of Arara - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Hana Ben Artzi, 70, of Moshav Kfar Aviv - struck by a rocket and murdered in her moshav.
Hana Siton, 73, of Hod Hasharon – Murdered by Hamas terrorists while visiting family in Kibbutz Be'eri.
Hanan Yablonka, 42, of Tel Aviv, was murdered while attending the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im on October 7 and his body abducted to Gaza. He was attending the festival with three friends who were also murdered in the attack. His body was located in the Gaza Strip and returned to Israel on Thursday night (23 May 2024). After being forensically identified, Israeli authorities notified the family on Friday.  He is survived by his parents and two children.
Hanani Glazer, 24, of Petah Tikva - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Hanani Nidgalski Glazer, 24, of Petah Tikva - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Hanania Hanan Amar, 38, of Ashkelon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Hanna Ifergan, 67, of Jerusalem, was one of four people killed in a terror attack in Jerusalem on the morning of November 30. Hamas claimed responsibility for the attack. Yuval Doron Kastleman was killed in the attack while neutralizing the terrorists.
Hanna Ifergan, 67, of Jerusalem, was one of three people killed in a terror attack in Jerusalem on the morning of November 30. Hamas claimed responsibility for the attack. Yuval Doron Kastleman was killed in the attack while neutralizing the terrorists.
Hatib Zaruk of Ofakim
Hava Ben Ami, 62, of Kibbutz Be'eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home at Kibbutz Be'eri.
Havik Segal, 78, of Moshav Netiv HaAsara - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home in Moshav Netiv HaAsara.
Hen Ben Avi, 21, of Moshav Mivtahim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Hen Even, 45, of Kibbutz Be'eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home in the kibbutz.
Hersh Goldberg-Polin, 23, of Jerusalem, an American-Israeli, was abducted to the Gaza Strip from the Nova Music Festival on October 7. Wounded in the attack, his left arm was amputated while he was in captivity. He was held captive for over 300 days before being brutally murdered just a few days ago. On Saturday, August 31, 2024, a combined IDF-ISA force located his body and returned it to Israel. 
Hila Klein, 41, of Mazkeret Batya - Murdered at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Hili Solomon, 27, of Kfar Yona - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Hillel Zalmanovitch, 60, of Ashdod - Murdered by Hamas terrorists while out cycling.
Hodaya David, 27, of Beit Degan - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Idan Dor, 25, of Tel Aviv - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Idan Edri, 36 of Kibbutz HaSolelim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Idan Haramati, 22, of Alfei Menashe - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Idan Herman, 26, of Kibbutz Palmachim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Ido Ben Zino, 26, of Merkaz Shapira - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Ido Even, 14, of Kibbutz Be'eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home in the kibbutz.
Ido Peretz, 23, of Ramat Gan - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Igal Vax, 53, of Moshav Netiv HaAsara – Murdered in combat while defending the moshav from Hamas terrorists. 
Igor Korcher, 72, Ofakim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists while on a tour bus that stopped in Sderot.
Igor Lusov, 58. Of Kibbutz Be’eri – Murdered in his home by Hamas terrorists. 
Ilan Avraham, 57, of Beit Arye - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Ilan Lipovsky, 30, of Rishon LeZion - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Ilan Moshe Ya’akov, 29, of Tel Aviv - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Ilan Weiss, 56, of Kibbutz Be’eri. Presumed abducted on October 7 while participating in the defense of the kibbutz from attacking Hamas terrorists, his body has now been identified as being killed during the attack. His family was notified of his death on Monday (1 January 2024).
Ilay Bar Am, 27, of Tel Aviv - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Ilkin Nazarov, 30, of Kiriat Yam - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Inbar Buyum, 23, of Kibbutz Be'eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists during the attack on the kibbutz.
Inbar Haiman, 27, of Haifa - Abducted from the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im on 7 October, she was subsequently murdered in Hamas captivity. Her family was informed of her death on December 16
Inbar Shem Tov, 22, of Holon - Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Irit Konderov, 27, of Ashkelon - Murdered at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Isabella Gandin, 27, of Ashdod - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Ishay Gertner, 23, of Modi'in Illit, was one of two victims killed in a terror attack carried out on Friday, 16 February at a bus stop at the Re’em Junction near Gedera. 
Israel Chana, 30, of Ofakim – Killed in Ofakim fighting the attacking terrorists.
Itai Berdichevsky, 30, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home at Kibbutz Kfar Azza but gave his life to save his 10-month-old twins.  
Itai Huston Hadar, 27, of Beer Sheva – Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Itai Za’afrani, 23, of Eilat - Murdered by Hamas terrorists near Kibbutz Re'im.
Itai Zak, 53, of Kibbutz Kissufim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home. 
Itay Banjo, 30, of Haifa - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Itay Svirsky, 38, of Tel Aviv. Abducted on October 7 while visiting his family in Kibbutz Be'eri and subsequently murdered in captivity by Hamas. His family was informed of his death on January 16, 2024.
Itzhak (Itzik) Balato, 53, of Ofakim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in Ofakim.
Itzhak Gelernter, 57, of Irus, was killed on October 7 at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im and his body was abducted to Gaza by Hamas terrorists. His body was located on May 17, 2024, by IDF forces and returned to Israel for burial. He is survived by his four children and two grandchildren.
Itzhak Levi, 27, of Beit Shemesh - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Ivan Illarramendi Saizar, 46, of Kibbutz Kissufim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home at Kibbutz Kissufim.
Izhar Peled, 62, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza – Murdered in his home by Hamas terrorists in Kibbutz Kfar Azza.
Jake Marlo, 26, a British national - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Jakfung Jantassana, a Thai national – Murdered by Hamas terrorists in Kibbutz Kissufim.
Jana Roderman, 48, of Ashkelon – Killed when a rocket launched from Gaza struck her home.
Jaroon Chatdumdee, Thai national.
Jenny Nisenboim Carmelli, 32, of Bat Yam - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
John Esselnov, 70, of Ashdod - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in the attack on Zikim Beach.
Jonathan Meir Ken-Dror, 28, of Hod Hasharon - Murdered at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Joshua Loitu Mollel, 21, a Tanzanian national – abducted by Hamas terrorists from Kibbutz Naha Oz and subsequently murdered in Hamas captivity. His family was notified of his death on December 13.
Judy Weinstein-Haggai, 70, of Kibbutz Nir Oz. Presumed abducted on October 7 together with her husband Haggai, it was learned that she was killed in the Hamas attack and her body abducted to Gaza. Her family was notified of her death and abduction on December 28.
Juwas Ibrahim AlKaran, 15, of Kukhleh - Murdered when a rocket launched from Gaza struck his home.
Karin Journo, 24, of Mazkeret Batya - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Karin Vernikov, 22, of Rishon LeZion - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Karin Zourno, 27, of Mazkeret Batya - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Karina Davidov, 31, of Kiriat Gat - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Karina Pritika, 23, of Ari'el - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Karina Pritika, 23, of Ari'el - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Karla Stelzer Mendes, 42, of Kiriat Malakhi - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Katarina Tabegan, 26, of Holon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Katerina Tavgan Goldman, 26, of Holon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Keshet Kasruti-Kalfa, 22, of Kibbutz Samar - Murdered at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Keshet Zohar, 20, of Kibbutz Nahal Oz – Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home in Kibbutz Nahal Oz.
Kim Damti, 22, of Gedera - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Kineret Gat, 68, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home in Kibbutz Be’eri.
Kobi Paryante, 43, of Sderot – Murdered while jogging in Sderot.
Kraysorn Tomiyoma, Thai national, murdered by Hamas terrorists near the Gaza Strip, 7 October.
Laura Ludmilla Furman, 78, of Ofakim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists while on a tour bus that stopped in Sderot.
Leonid Luzovski, 51, of Sderot – Murdered near Sderot on his way to work.
Liam Bor Galon, 26, of Dimona - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Liam Shrem, 25, of Tel Aviv - Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Lian Sharabi, 48, of Kibbutz Be’eri – Murdered in her home by Hamas terrorists.
Liav Asayag, 25, of Afula - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Libi Cohen Maguri, 24, of Tel Aviv - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Lidor Levi, 28, of Kfar Saba - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Lidor Levy, 34, of Gan Yavne, was one of three people wounded in a stabbing attack in a shopping mall in Gan Yavne on Sunday evening, 31st March. Severely wounded in the attack, he was transferred to Ichilov Medical Center in Tel Aviv, where he succumbed to his wounds on Thursday, April 4.
Liel Gerfi, a8, of Herzliya - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Liel Hezroni, 12, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home in Kibbutz Be’eri.
Liel Itah, 22, of Anatot - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Lilach Kipnis, 60, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Murdered in her home in Kibbutz Be’eri.
Lili Itamari, 63, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza – Murdered by Hamas terrorist in her home in Kibbutz Kfar Azza.
Lilia Giller, 61, of Ofakim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists while on a tour bus that stopped in Sderot.
Lily Keizman, 63, of Kibbutz Holit - Murdered in her home in Kibbutz Holit.
Limor Vaknin Permutter, 49, of Beer Sheva - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Lin Dafni, 22, of Kibbutz Ein HaMifratz - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Linor Keinan, 23, of Mazkeret Batya - Murdered at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Lior Abramoz, 20, of Pardes Hanna - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Lior Asulin, 44, of Raanana - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Lior Atun, 25, of Hadera - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Lior Hadad Atias, 36, of Rehovot - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Lior Maimon, 22, of Ramat Gan - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Lior Rudaeff, 61, of Kibbutz Nir Yitzhak, who was previously considered to be in captivity in Gaza, was in fact murdered in the October 7 Hamas massacre and his body abducted to Gaza, where it is currently being held.
Lior Tekach, 23, of Beer Sheva - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Lior Tereshanski, 16, of Kibbutz Beeri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home.
Lior Tkach, 26, of Beer Sheva - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Lior Weizmann, 32, of Sderot – Murdered by Hamas terrorists while out cycling.
Liraz Asulin, 37, of Kiriat Malakhi - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Liraz Nissan, 20, of Carmiel - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Liron Barda, 27, of Sha'arei Tikva - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Livia Dickman, 24, of Jerusalem, was one of three people killed in a terror attack in Jerusalem on the morning of November 30. Hamas claimed responsibility for the attack. Yuval Doron Kastleman was killed in the attack while neutralizing the terrorists.
Livnat Kutz, 50, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza - Murdered in her home in Kibbutz Kfar Azza.
Livnat Levi, 27, of Kiriat Ono - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Liz Elharar Halfon, 46, of Kibbutz Holit - Murdered by Hamas terrorist in her home in Kibbutz Holit.
Loretta Alkarra, a Philippine national, of Kibbutz Alumim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at her home in Kibbutz Alumim.
Lori Vardi, 26 of Raanana - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Lotan Abir, 24, of Moshav Gan Haim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Lukandra Sinj Dami, 24, a Nepalese national – Murdered by Hamas terrorist in Kibbutz Alumim.
Lynn Daphne, 22, of Kibbutz Ein HaMifratz - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Ma’ayan Kalihman, 22, of Kibbutz Nir Banim - Murdered at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Maayan Bar, 65, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home at Kibbutz Be'eri.
Maayan Idan, 18, of Kibbutz Nahal Oz - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home.
Maayan Mor, 30, of Holon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Maayana Hershkowitz, 65, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home in Kibbutz Be’eri.
Mai Naim, 22, of Moshav Gan Haim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Mai Yitzhaki, 25, of Hod Hasharon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Mai Zuhir Abu Sabieh, 13, of Kukhleh - Murdered when a rocket struck her home.
Majed Ibrahim, 20, of Abu Gosh – Murdered by an exploding rocket in Abu Gosh.
Malek Ibrahim AlKaran, 14, of Kukhleh - Murdered when a rocket launched from Gaza struck his home.
Manny Goddard, 73, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home in Kibbutz Be’eri.
Maor Graziani, 22, of Tel Aviv - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Mapal Adam, 27, of Tel Aviv - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Margarita Rita Gussek, 21, of Gan Yavne - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Margit Silberman, 63, of Kibbutz Nir Oz - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home.
Maria Yahengilov, 60, of Ofakim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home.
Marina Almagor, 76, of Kfar Saba - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in Moshav Netiv HaAsara.
Marina Lusov, 60, of Kibbutz Be’eri – Murdered in her home by Hamas terrorists. 
Mark (Mordechai) Peretz, 51, of Rishon LeZion - killed at the Sa'ad Junction on October 7 while attempting to rescue his daughter at the Nova Music Festival.
Mark Shindel, 23, of Kfar Yona - Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Marsel Talia, 63, of Kiriat Arba – Murdered by Hamas terrorists at Kibbutz Ein HaShlosha.
Matan Almalam, 47, Of Dimona - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Matan Eckstein, 23, of Even Yehuda - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Matan Elmaliach, 26, of Ma'ale Adumim, was shot and killed in a terrorist shooting attack at a military checkpoint.
Matan Lior Mordehai, 35, of Moshav Sdei Hemed - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Matan Rosenburg, 17, of Dimona - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Matan Zenati, 23, of Dimona - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Matias Hernen Burstein, 41, of Carmiel - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Matti Weiss, 69, of Kibbutz Be’eri – Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home in Kibbutz Be’eri.
Maya ben David,48, of Moshav Kfar Haim - urdered by Hamas terrorists during the attack on Kibbutz Kfar Azza.
Maya Biton, 23, of Petah Tikva - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Maya Foder, 25, of Zikhron Yaakov - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Maya Goren, 56, of Kibbutz Nir Oz– Maya was abducted by Hamas terrorists to the Gaza Strip on October 7, and was subsequently murdered in Hamas captivity. Her family was notified of her death on December 1, 2023. On July 25, IDF forces located her body in the Gaza Strip and she was returned to Israel.
Maya Haim, 22, of Rosh Ha’ayin - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Mazi Bachar, 63, of Kibbutz Be'eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home in Kibbutz Be'eri.
Meechai Ritthiphon, Thai national.
Meir Elharar, 46, of Holit - Murdered by Hamas terrorist in his home in Kibbutz Holit.  
Meir Malka, 78, of Sderot – Murdered in his home in Sderot by Hamas terrorists. 
Meir Moyal, 55, of Kiriat Shmona – Killed by an anti-tank rocket on the northern border.
Menuha Holati, 76, of Kibbutz Kissufim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home. 
Mercedes Oria Amar, 33, of Kiriat Ekron - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Michael Abramov, 55, of Sderot - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home in Sderot.
Michael Ben Moshe, 26, of Ashkelon - murdering while defending the communities against the Hamas terrorists.
Michael Mozrakov, 69, of Netivot – Murdered by Hamas terrorists on his way to work.
Michael Ostrovsky, 77, of Ofakim – Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home in Ofakim.
Michael Vaknin, 35, of Jerusalem - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Michael Yoav, 46, of Givat Ze’ev - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Michal Admoni, 51, of Kfar Azza - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home in Kibbutz Kfar Aza.
Michal Roimi, 23, of Nesher - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Michal Zarbialov, 60, of Ofakim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists while on a tour bus that stopped in Sderot.
Michel Nisenbaum, 59, of Sderot, was murdered and his body abducted to Gaza on October 7. Born in Brazil, he moved to Israel and resided in Sderot. On the morning of Hamas' attack, he headed for the military base near Kibbutz Re'im in an attempt to rescue his granddaughter, who was staying on the base with her father, an IDF officer. His body was located in the Gaza Strip and returned to Israel on Thursday night (23 May 2024). After being forensically identified, Israeli authorities notified the family on Friday. He is survived by his two daughters and grandchildren.
Mila Cohen, 10-months-old, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home.
Mira Ayalon, 76, of Moshav Kfar Yuval - Killed in a Hezbollah anti-tank missile attack on January 4, 2024
Mira Shtahl, 54, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza – Murdered in her home by Hamas terrorists.
Mofid Alzir, 57 of Abu Snan – Murdered by an anti-tank missile in northern Israel.
Mohamed Div AlKaran, 12, of Kukhleh - Murdered when a rocket launched from Gaza struck his home.
Mor Cohen, 24, of Holon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Mor Gabai, 30, of Sderot – Murdered by Hamas terrorists at her home in Sderot.
Mor Meir, 37, of Kibbutz Nirim – Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home in Kibbutz Nirim. 
Mor Trabelsi, 27, of Nahariya - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Mordechai (Motti) Zoerman, 74, of Ramat Hasharon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Mordehai (Modi) Amir, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza – Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home in Kibbutz Kfar Azza.
Mordehai Ben Ariel Biton, 22, of Holon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Mordehai Neve, 76, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Murdered in his home by Hamas terrorists.
Moriah Or Swissa, 23, of Herzliya - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Moriah Raviv, 23, of Kiriat Motzkin - Murdered at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Moshe (Moshiko) Saidian, 26, of Yavne - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Moshe Ben Porat, 60, of Tiberias – Murdered by Hamas terrorists in the synagogue in Ofakim.
Moshe Ohayon, 52, of Ofakim - Murdered in Ofakim by Hamas terrorists while attempting to assist in rescue efforts during the attack.
Moshe Ridler, 91, of Kibbutz Holit – Murdered by terrorists in his home.
Moshe Shova, 33, of Kfar Yona - Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Moshe Wahadi, 37, of Ashkelon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Motti Alkavetz, 40, of Moshav Yated - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in Kibbutz Nirim.
Motti Zowernman, 74, of Ramat Hasharon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Mussa Abu Sebila, 41, of Abu Talul - Murdered in Sderot while attempting to rescue fellow citizens.
Naama Mualem, 28, of Beit Shean - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Nadav Barta, 23, of Beit Arye - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Nadav Goldstein, 46, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home.
Nadav Popplewell, age 51, of Kibbutz Nirim, a British/Israeli national, was abducted from his home on October 7. Following the gathering of new intelligence findings, the IDF confirmed his death in Hamas captivity. His family was notified of his death on June 3; His body remains in Gaza.
Nadav Yosef Hai Taib, 17, of Moshav Beit Shikma - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in the attack on Zikim Beach.
Nadejda Spravchikov, 79, of Netivot - Murdered by Hamas terrorists while on a tour bus that stopped in Sderot.
Naji Abdush, 35, of Kiryat Ekron - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Nanthawat Pinjai, Thai national.
Naomi Dgani, 80, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home in Kibbutz Kfar Azza.
Naomi Shitrit Azulay, 52, of Sderot - Murdered by Hamas terrorists while jogging near her home in Sderot.
Naor Hassidim of Ashdod - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in Kibbutz Kfar Azza.
Naor Levi, 28, of Tel Aviv - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Narayan Prasad Neupane, 22, murdered by Hamas terrorists at Kibbutz Alumim.
Narkis Hand, 56, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home in Kibbutz Be’eri.
Natalia Demidova, 39, of Ofakim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in Ofakim on October 7.
Natalya Tomayev, 71, of Netivot - Murdered by Hamas terrorists while on a tour bus that stopped in Sderot.
Neomi Baker, 19, of Ashdod - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Neta Boaziz Morelli, 40, of Rishon LeZion - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Neta Epstein, 22, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home in Kibbutz Kfar Azza.
Netanel Maskelchi, 36, of Netivot – Killed in a rocket attack on Netivot.
Netiv Nave Maayan, 60, of Netivot – Murdered in his home by Hamas terrorists. 
Nevo Arad, 25, of Kibbutz Sa’ad - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Nir Forti, 30, of Omer - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Nir Madmon, 23, of Moshav Peduim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Nir Nikita Popov, 25, of Ashdod - bodyguard of Communications Minister Shlomo Karai.
Nira Ronen, 86, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza – murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home.
Nirel Zini, 31, of Moshav Tlamin – Murdered by Hamas terrorists in Kibbutz Kfar Azza.
Nissim Levi, 30, of Rehovot - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Nitikorn Sae Wang, Thai national.
Nitzan Goldenberg, 28, of Netanya - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Nitzan Rahum, 28, of Pardesiya - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Niv Aivas, 25, of Jerusalem – accidentally killed by friendly fire.
Niv Raviv, 27, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza – Murdered by terrorists in Kfar Azza.
Niv Tel Tzur, 22, of Ramat Gan - Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Nizan Libstein, 19, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza – Murdered by Hamas terrorists in Kfar Azza.
Noa Englander, 23, of Kiriat Bialik - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Noa Farage, 22, of Tel Mond - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Noa Glasberg, 43, of Kibbutz Ein HaSholosha - Murdered in her home by Hamas terrorists.
Noa Hiel, 27, of Ahuzat Barak - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Noa Zander, 22, of Rishon LeZion - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Noah Hershkowitz, 68, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home in Kibbutz Be’eri.
Noam Elyakim, 47, of Kibbutz Nahal Oz – Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home in Kibbutz Nahal Oz.
Noam Liel Efraim, 24, of Had Nes - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Noam Rabia, 30, of Moshav Yesha - Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Noam Shai, 26, of Kfar Tavor - Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Noam Shalon, 25, of Harish - Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Norel Mansouri, 25, of Hod Hasharon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Noy Aviv, 29, of Eilat - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Noy Maudi, 29, of Moshav Yated - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Noy Tiferet Za’afrani 27, of Nokdim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Noya Sharabi, 16, of Kibbutz Be’eri – Murdered in her home by Hamas terrorists.
Nurit Berger, 59, of Moshav Netiv HaAsara - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home at Moshav Netiv HaAsara.
Odaya Swisa, 33, of Sderot. Murdered by Hamas terrorists near her home in Sderot.
Oded Abergil, 27, of Merkaz Shapira - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Ofek Aton, 24, of Holon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Ofek Kimhi, 22, of Bat Yam - Murdered at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Ofek Rabia, 23, of Beit Arye - Murdered at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Ofer Ron, 70, of Kibbutz Kissufim – Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home in Kibbutz Kissufim.
Ofer Udi, 42, of Beit Shemesh - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Ofir Tzarfati, 27, of Kiriat Ata – Murdered at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im on October 7 or shortly thereafter, His body was abducted to the Gaza Strip and later returned by Israeli forces to Israel. Authorities notified his family of death on November 30. 
Ofra Keidar, 70, of Kibbutz Be’eri – Abducted from her home by Hamas terrorists on October 7, she was subsequently murdered in Hamas captivity. Her family was notified of her death on December 1, 2023.
Ohad Cohen, 43, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home.
Oleg Lipschitz, 61, of Ashkelon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in the vicinity of Kibbutz Re'im.
Olga Naomi Romashkin, 28, of Petah Tikva - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Olga Naomi Romashkin, 28, of Petah Tikva - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Omer Hermesh, 47, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza – Murdered in Kfar Azza. 
Omer Siman Tov, 2, of Kibbutz Nir Oz - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home.
Omer Zadikevitch, 50, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza - Murdered in her home by Hamas terrorists.
Omri Ahrak, 26, of Elyakhin - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Omri Lavi, 25, of Hazor HaGlilit - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Omri Ram, 29. Of Aseret - Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Or Akuni, 32, of Moshav Netiv HaAsara - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home on Moshav Netiv HaAsara.
Or Tasa, 16, of Moshav Netiv Ha’asara - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in the attack on Zikim Beach.
Or Ziv, 24, of Adi - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Orel Abuhazera, 25, Rosh Ha’ayin - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Orel Pesso, 26, of Kiriat Yam - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Oren Aharon Vaknin, 45, of Netanya - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Oren Elfasi, 22, of Rehovot - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in Kibbutz Nirim.
Oren Goldin, 33, of Kibbutz Nir Yitzhak - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home and his body abducted to Gaza. His family was notified of his death on November 9. On July 25, IDF forces located his body in the Gaza Strip and he was returned to Israel..
Oren Haim Ben Hemo, 19, of Rehovot - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Ori Danino, 25, of Jerusalem, was abducted from the Nova Music Festival on October 7 by Hamas terrorists while helping other attendees escape the massacre. He was held captive for over 300 days before being brutally murdered just a few days ago. On Saturday, August 31, 2024, a combined IDF-ISA force located his body and returned it to Israel. 
Ori Tchernichovsky, 29, of Petah Tikva - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Ori Yaish, 27, of Modi’in, was one of two victims killed in a terror attack carried out on Friday, 16 February at a bus stop at the Re’em Junction near Gedera.
Oriah Litman Ricardo, 26, of Caesaria - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Orión Hernández Radoux, 30, a Mexican and French national in Israel as a tourist, was attending the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re’im when the terrorist attack commenced. He was the partner of Shani Louk, who was also murdered and abducted to Gaza and whose body was retrieved last week. His body was located in the Gaza Strip and returned to Israel on Thursday night (23 May 2024). After being forensically identified, Israeli authorities notified the family on Friday. He is survived by his father, who lives in Chile and his mother, who lives in France, and his daughter.
Orit Sela Svirsky, 70, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home.
Oriya Litman Ricardo, 26, of Caesaria - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Orly Schwartzman Pinko, 67, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza - Murdered in her home in Kibbutz Kfar Azza b Hamas terrorists. 
Oron Beilin, 24, of Ramat Gan - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Oron Bira, 54, of Kibbutz Be'eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home in Kibbutz Be'eri.
Ortal Bobets Ben Ayun, 22, of Jerusalem - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Ossama Abu Issa, 36, of Tel Sheva - Murdered when a rocket struck his home.
Ossama Abu Madiam, 28, of Rahat - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in a field near Moshav Mivtahim.
Oz Moshe Ezra, 23, of Holon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Padam Thapa, Nepali national – Nepali student, murdered in Kibbutz Alumim. 
Papontanei Pongkrueh, a Thai national - Murdered 7 by Hammas terrorists, October 7.
Pathay Kiyatissek, 35, Thai national, murdered by Hamas terrorists near the Gaza Strip, 7 October.
Patnibin Maxwell, 31, an Indian national from the southern Indian state Kerala, was killed on 4 March by an anti-tank missile launched by Hezbollah from Lebanon at Moshav Margaliot in northern Israel.
Patti Kiatisk, 35, Thai national killed near Gaza on October 7.
Paul Vincent Castelvi, 42, a Philippine national – A caregiver in Kibbutz Be'eri, he was murdered in Kibbutz Be’eri.
Paul Vincent Paul Vincent Castelvi, 42, a Philippine national – A caregiver in Kibbutz Be'eri, he was murdered in Kibbutz Be’eri.
Pessia (Pessi) Cohen, 69, of Hod Hasharon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in Kibbutz Be’eri.
Petro Bosko, 35, of Kibbutz Holit - Murdered by Hamas terrorists during the attack on the kibbutz.
Phichit Najan, Thail national.
Phirun Thanonphim, Thai national.
Phithak Tholaeng, Thia national.
Phongphat Suchat, Thai national.
Pongfat Suchart, Thai national, murdered by Hamas terrorists near the Gaza Strip, 7 October.
Pongsatorn Khunsree, 25, Thai national - Murdered by Hamas terrorists during the attack on Kibbutz Alumim.
Prof. Sergei Gridskol, 81, of Ofakim - Murdered in his home in Ofakim by Hamas terrorists.
Rabbi Binyamin Rahamim, 52, of Ofakim – Murdered by Hamas terrorists in Ofakim on his way to the service at the synagogue.
Rabbi Elimelech Wasserman, 73, of Ashdod, was one of three people killed in a terror attack in Jerusalem on the morning of November 30. Hamas claimed responsibility for the attack. Yuval Doron Kastleman was killed in the attack while neutralizing the terrorists.
Rafael Fahimi, 63, of Netivot – Killed in Netivot by a rocket launched from the Gaza Strip.
Raffi Mordo, 84, of Kibbutz Be’eri – Murdered in his home by Hamas terrorists.
Raffi Svisrsky, 71, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home.
Rahel Rachel Deb, 25, of Kiriat Yam - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Raj Kumar Swarnakar, Nepali national – Murdered by Hamas terrorists at Kibbutz Alumim.
Rajan Fulara, Nepali national, Nepali student – Murdered in Kibbutz Alumim.
Ram Sela, 33, of Kibbutz Neve Ur - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Ram Shalom, 25, of Givat Ze’ev - Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Ran Itamati, 56, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza – Murdered by Hamas terrorist in her home in Kibbutz Kfar Azza.
Ran Shefer, 48, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Ravid Arie Katz, 51, of Kibbutz Nir Oz – Killed on October 7 in defense of the kibbutz,  his body was abducted to Gaza by the Hamas terrorists. His family was notified of his death on November 11; IDF forces located his body in the Gaza Strip on July 25 and he was returned to Israel.  
Raz Bukobza, 23, of Moshav Beit Nehemia - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Raz Mizrahi, 22, of Gedera - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Refale Meir Maskelchi, 12, of Netivot - killed in a rocket attack on Netivot.
Rephael Ariel Guri, 30, of Ofakim – Killed while fighting attacking terrorists in defense of his city.
Reuven Heinik, 56, of Ashkelon – Murdered by Hamas terrorists in Kibbutz Kissufim. 
Reuven Weisman, 56, of Ofakim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home in Ofakim.
Revaya Mansouri, 22, of Hod Hasharon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Rinat Even, 44, of Kibbutz Be'eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home in the kibbutz.
Rinat Hodaya Zagdon, 23, of Elazar - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Rivka Ben Horin, 74, of Kibbutz Nir Oz - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home at Kibbutz Nir Oz.
Robert Shaulov, 70, of Ashdod - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in the attack on Zikim Beach.
Roi Idan, 45, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza – a newspaper photographer, he was murdered in his home by Hamas terrorists. 
Roi Popplewell, 54, of Kibbutz Nirim – Murdered in his home by Hamas terrorists.
Roie Monder, 51, of Kibbutz Nir Oz - Murdered in his home by Hamas terrorists. 
Roland Sultan, 68, of Kibbutz Holit - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home.
Romi Brandt Eliyahu, 38, of Modi’in - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Ron Binyamin, 52, of Rehovot, was killed on October 7 at the Mefalsim Junction on his way to his weekly cycling ride. His body was abducted by Hamas terrorists to Gaza, where it was located on May 17 2024 by IDF forces. He is survived by his wife Ayelet and two adult children Shay and Gil.
Ron Shemer, 23, of Lod - Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Ron Weinberg, 24, of Yokneam - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Ron Yehudai, 26, of Yehud - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Ronen Ditchman, 49, of Beer Sheva - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Ronen Ditchman, 49, of Beer Sheva - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Ronen Engel, 54, of Kibbutz Nir Oz – abducted by Hamas terrorists from Kibbutz Nir Oz on 7 October, and subsequently murdered in Hamas captivity. His family was notified of his death on December 1, 2023.  
Roni Petrovski, 24, of Holon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Roni Polvanov, 23, of Ramla - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Roni Shitrit, 24, of Moshav Beit Yitzhak - Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Ronit Hodaya Zagadon, 23, of Eelazar - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Ronit Sultan, 56, of Kibbutz Holit - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home.
Ronnie Levi, 80, of Kibbutz Be’eri – Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home.
Rosa Yedgarov, 81, of Ofakim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home.
Rotem Kalderon, 66, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Murdered in her home in Kibbutz Be’eri.
Rotem Neiman, 25, of Hod Hasharon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Rotem Rahel Levi, 23, of Yokneam - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Rudy Skrzewski, 57, of Moshav Ohad – Killed while battling Hamas terrorists in the Gaza region.
Ruth (Rutti) Akuni of Moshav Netiv HaAsara - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home on Moshav Netiv HaAsara.
Ruth Hodaya Peretz, 17, of Kiriat Haim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im together with her father Arik.
Sagi Zak, 16, of Kibbutz Kissufim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home. 
Sagiv Beilin Ben Zvi, 24, of Holon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Sahar Ashuan, 22, of Netanya - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Sahar Baruch, 25, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Abducted from his home by Hamas terrorists on 7 October, he was subsequently murdered in Hamas captivity. His body is being held in captivity by Hamas.
Said (David) Moshe, 75, of Moshav Nir Oz – Murdered in his home by Hamas terrorists. 
Sakda Surakhai, Thai national.
Saksit Khotmee, Thai national.
Samer Fuad El-Talalka, 22, of Hura - Abducted from Kibbutz Nir Am on October 7. He managed to escape from Hamas captivity on December 15, but was mistaken for a terrorist by IDF troops, who opened fire and killed him during battle.
Sami Keidar, 70, of Kibbutz Be’eri – Murdered in his home in Kibbutz Be’eri.
Sammi Jarjawi – Murdered by Hamas terrorists in Segev Shalom.
San Amnon Yakobov, 22, of Holon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Sapir Bilmas, 24, of Rishon LeZion - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Saryut Penkitwanitcharon, Thai national, murdered by Hamas terrorists near the Gaza Strip, 7 October.
Sattawat Phiaaia, Thai national.
Savyon Chen Kipper, 31, of Kiriat Ono - Murdered at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Sefi Yossef Gennis, 30, of Ramat Gan - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Segev Israel Kishner, 22, of Atzmon - Murdered at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Segev Shushan, 28, of Modi’in - Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Semion Abdilemov, 66, of Sderot - Murdered in his home in Sderot.
Seriyut Pankitwanitchirnm, Thai national, murdered by Hamas terrorists near Gaza on October 7.
Seta Homsorn, 36, Thai national, murdered by Hamas terrorists near the Gaza Strip, 7 October.    HAARETZ
Shachaf Kreif, 17, of Moshav Gilat - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in the attack on Zikim Beach.
Shachar Gal Kadman, 34, of Moshav Yesha - Murdered at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Shachar Siman Tov, 6, of Kibbutz Nir Oz - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home.
Shahak Yossef Madar of Dimona - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Shahar Ben Naim, 43, of Moshav Tzur Moshe - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Shahar Gal Kadman, 34, of Moshav Yesha - Murdered at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Shahar Gindi, 21, of Holon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Shahar Mansour, 28, of Shoham - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Shahr Mattias, 47, of Kibbutz Holit – Murdered in her home by Hamas terrorists.
Shai Regev, 25, of Ramat Yishai - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Shai Shalev, 50, of Ahuzat Barak - Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Shai Shalom Elior Mutzafi, 37, of Bat Yam - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Shaked Habani, 20, of Nes Ziona - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Shalev Gal, 24, of Ahuzat Barak - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Shalev Madmoni, 24, of Rosh Ha’ayin - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Shalom Abudi, 56, of Tiberias. An employee of the Israel Electric Corporation, he was killed by an anti-tank missile on the northern border on November 12.
Shani Ben Ami, 26, Beit Dagan - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Shani Gabai, 25, of Yokneam - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Shani Kupervaser, 28, of Haifa - Murdered at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Shani Louk, 22, of Tel Aviv, was killed on October 7 at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im and her body was abducted to Gaza by Hamas terrorists. Her body was located on May 17, 2024, by IDF forces and returned to Israel for burial. She is survived by her parents, Nissim and Ricarda.
Sharif Suad, 35, of the Bedouin town of Sallama near Karmiel, was killed on Friday, 26 April, when an anti-tank missile launched from Lebanon hit the truck he was driving in the  Mount Dov area on the Lebanese border. 
Sharon Goradny, 25, of Moshav Kidron - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Sharon Hirsch Uzan, 46, Ramat Hasharon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Sharon Refai, 28, of Yavne - Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Sharona Shmunis Harel, 40, of Rishon LeZion - Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Shaun Davitashvili, 25, of Beer Sheva - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Shenhav Ya’akov Gerfi, 26, of Herzliya - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Shifra Noy, 71, of Kibbutz Nir Oz - Murdered in her home by Hamas terrorists.
Shimon (Shimi) Hayat, 29, of Ofakim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Shimon Hiat, 29, of Ofakim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Shir Hanna Georgie – 22, of Rishon LeZion - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Shir Yaron, 21, of Tzohar - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Shira Ayalon, 23, of Rishon LeZion - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Shiran Ganon, 38, of bat Yam - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Shiraz Brodash, 23, of Moshav Ramot Meir – Murdered when a rocket launched from the Gaza Strip struck her car.
Shiraz-Shiran Yashmireni (Tamam), 38, of Holon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Shlomi Davidovitch, 50, of Kibbutz Gevim – Murdered by Hamas terrorists at Kibbutz Mefalsim. 
Shlomi Mattias, 46, of Kibbutz Holit – Murdered in his home by Hamas terrorists.
Shlomi Molko, 62, of Moshav Netiv HaAsara – Murdered in his home by Hamas terrorists. 
Shlomo (Shlomi) Sividia, 37, Ganei Tikva - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Shlomo Elfasi, 52, of Ashkelon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Shlomo Eliyahu Elsheikh, 28, of Bnei Brak - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Shmil Abasov, 33, of Beer Sheva - Murdered by Hamas terrorists while attempting to rescue partygoers at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Shmuel Shmulik Weiss, 65, of Kibbutz Be’eri – Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home in Kibbutz Be’eri.
Shoham Lia Turgeman, 24, of Beit Shean - Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Shoham Ya’akov Gerfi, 28, 0f Herzlia - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Shon Deutshvili, 25, of Beer Sheva - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Shoshana (Shosh) Karasanti, 87, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home.
Shoshana Brosh, 75, of Kibbutz Nahal Oz – Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home in Kibbutz Nahal Oz.
Shraga Hassid, 77, of Mazkeret Batya - killed by rocket fire in Askelon.
Shulamit Merenstein, 83, of Ofakim – Murdered in Ofakim by Hamas terrorists.
Shuval Ya’akov, 27, of Moshav Mehola - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Sigal Itah, 27, of Beer Sheva - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Sigal Levi, 31, of Netanya - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Simon Vigdergauz (Dubchenko), 21, of Rishon LeZion - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Sindi Flash, 67, of Kfar Azza - Murdered in her home by Hamas terrorists.
Sivan Alkavetz, 23, of Ashdod - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in Kibbutz Kfar Azza.
Sivan Sharhabani, 21, of Ramat Gan - Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Sofia Popov, 68, of Ofakim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists while on a tour bus that stopped in Sderot.
Solomon Aliagoyev, 28, of Sderot - Murdered near his home in Sderot.
Somchai Sayang, 24, Thai national - killed near Gaza on October 7
Somkhoun Pansa-ard, Thai national, .
Sonthaya Oakkharasri, a Thai national who was working at Kibbutz Be’eri, was murdered by Hamas terrorists on October 7 and his body abducted to Gaza, where it is still being held hostage. His family was notified of his death on May 17, 2024 after a prolonged intelligence investigation. Sonthaya, the father of a seven-year-old daughter, would have celebrated his 31st birthday on May 17. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs sends its sincere condolences to the family, the government and people of Thailand.
Sophia Bongart, 21, of Carmiel - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Srithat Kawao, Thai national.
Stav Barazani, 23, of Gan Ner - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Stav Coral Gete, 30, of Ashkelon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Stav Kimhi, 35, of Moshav Talmei Yossef - Murdered at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Steven Makrachenko, 24, of Carmiel - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Sudthisak Rinthalak, a Thai national who was working at Kibbutz Be’eri, was murdered by Hamas terrorists on October 7 and his body abducted to Gaza, where it is still being held hostage. His family was informed of his death on May 17, 2024 after a prolonged intelligence investigation. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs sends its sincere condolences to the family, the government and people of Thailand.
Suheyb abu Amar al-Razm, 22, of Jerusalem - Murdered by Hamas terrorists while participating in rescue efforts at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Sujith Nissanka, 48, a Sri Lanka national – Murdered by Hamas terrorists at Kibbutz Be’eri.
Sumchai Sayang, 24, a Thai national – Murdered by Hamas terrorists on October 7.
Svetlana Lisuboy, 61, of Ashdod - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in the attack on Zikim Beach.
Sylvia Mirenski, 81, of Kibbutz Ein HaShlosha - Murdered in her home by Hamas terrorists. 
Sylvia Ohayon of Kibbutz Be’eri – Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home in Kibbutz Be’eri. 
Tahel Bira, 15, of Kibbutz Be'eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home in Kibbutz Be'eri.
Tair Bira, 22, of Kibbutz Be'eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home in Kibbutz Be'eri.
Tair Davis, 24, of Beit Degan - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Tal Bartik (Klein), 48, of Beer Sheva - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Tal Bira, 62, of Kibbutz Be'eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home in Kibbutz Be'eri.
Tal Daniely, 24, of Beer Sheva – accidentally murdered by friendly fire in Kerem Shalom.
Tal Haimi, 41, of Kibbutz Nir Yitzhak - Murdered by Hamas terrorists on October 7, his body was taken to Gaza by Hamas. His family was informed of his death on December 13.
Tal Katz, 37, of Tel Aviv - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Tal Keren, 17, of Moshav Netiv HaAsara - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in the attack on Zikim Beach.
Tal Shalev, 34, of Kibbutz Nir Oz - Murdered in his home in Kibbutz Nir Oz.
Tal Siton, 49, of Hod Hasharon – Murdered by Hamas terrorists while visiting family in Kibbutz Be'eri.
Taleb AlKaran, 22, of Kukhleh - Murdered when a rocket launched from Gaza struck his home.
Tamar Goldenberg, 24, of Rishon LeZion - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Tamar Guttman, 27, of Moshav Kfar Ben Nun - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Tamar Haya Torpiashvilli, 9, of Ashdod – suffered fatal cardiac arrest in her home caused by sirens warning of a rocket attack from the Gaza Strip. 
Tamar Kedem Siman Tov, 35, of Kibbutz Nir Oz - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home.
Tamar Samet, 20, of Pardes Hanna-Karkur - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Tamar Suchman, 76, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home in Kibbutz Be’eri.
Tamir Adar, 38, of Kibbutz Nir Oz. Abducted from his home by Hamas terrorists on the day of the attack.  On January 1, 2024 his family was informed that he was killed on October 7. He was the grandson of Yaffa Adar, who was abducted and released.
Tammy Peleg Ziv, 72, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza – Murdered in her home in Kibbutz Kfar Azza.
Tatiana Schnitman, 70, of Ofakim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists while on a tour bus that stopped in Sderot.
Tawachi Saytu, Thai national, murdered by Hamas terrorists near Gaza on October 7.
Tchelet Fishbein Za’arur, 18, of Kibbutz Be’eri – Murdered in her home by Hamas terrorists.
Tchelet Zohar, 18, of Kibbutz Nahal Oz - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home in Kibbutz Nahal Oz.
Tehila Katabi, 32, of Kibbutz Holit - Murdered in her home in Kibbutz Holit.
Thanakrit Prakotwong, Thia national.
The body of Elyakim Libman, 24, previously thought to be one of the Israeli hostages held in Gaza, was found recently in the grave of another victim of the October 7 attacks, in Israeli territory. Elyakim was working as a security guard at the Nova Musical Festival, where he managed to assist in the evacuation of many of the partygoers. On Friday, 3 May, the authorities informed the family that Elyakim was murdered during the Hamas' attack on October 7 and his body had been identified.
Theerapong Klangsuwan, Thai national, murdered in Kibbutz Kissufim on October 7.
Tianchai Yodtongdi, 32, Thai national, murdered by Hamas terrorists near the Gaza Strip, 7 October.
Tiferet Lapidot, 23, of Harish - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Tom Godot, 53, of Kibbutz Kissufim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home in Kibbutz Kissufim.
Tomer Eliaz Arava, 17, of Kibbutz Nahal Oz – Murdered in his home by Hamas terrorists.
Tomer Segev, 30, of Herzliya - Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Tomer Shpirer, 37, of Gedera – Murdered by Hamas terrorists while cycling near Kibbutz Mefalsim.
Tomer Strosta, 23, of Holon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Tou Cae Lee, Thai national.
Tova Goren, 65, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza - Murdered in her home by Hamas terrorists.
Tzur Saidi, 29, of Moshav Gan HaDarom - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Tzvi Shlomo Ron, 78, of Kibbutz Nahal Oz – murdered by terrorists in his home.
Uri Arad, 22, of Holon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Uri Moyal, 51, of Dimona, was severely wounded in a terror attack on 14 March at the Beit Kama junction. He was transferred to the Soroka Medical Center in Beer Sheva, where he succumbed to his wounds.
Uriel Baruch, 35, of Giv'on. Abducted from the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im on 7 October, the IDF has learned that he was subsequently murdered in captivity and his body is being held by Hamas. His family was officially notified of his murder on 27 March 2024.
Valery Freidman, 60, of Dimona - Murdered by Hamas terrorists while on a tour bus that stopped in Sderot.
Varda Haramati, 80, of Kibbutz Re’im - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home in Kibbutz Re’im.
Victoria Gorlov, 23, of Bat Yam - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Vitali Logvinchenko, 34, of Ashkelon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in the attack on Zikim Beach.
Vitaly Trobanov of Kibbutz Nir Oz - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home at Kibbutz Nir Oz.
Vivian Silver, 74, of Kibbutz Be'eri – Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home in Kibbutz Be'eri.
Vladimir Popov, 74, of Ofakim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists while on a tour bus that stopped in Sderot.
Vladimir Zhukov, 63, of Ashkelon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in the attack on Zikim Beach.    
Wolderaphael (Tiger) Hagos Berhe, 40, an Eritrean asylum seeker, was killed in the Hamas massacre in Sderot on October 7. His unidentified body was held by the authorities until recently when they were able to identify it using a DNA sample. His body was returned to Eritrea where his mother and son live, for burial.
Ya’akov Mortov, 66, of Ofakim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists while on a tour bus that stopped in Sderot.
Ya’akov Solomon, 59, of Moshav Givati.
Ya’akov Yinon, 78, of Moshav Netiv HaAsara - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home.
Yaakov (Kobi) Shmaiya, 47, of Be'er Sheva – murdered in his car near Kibbutz Re’im.
Yael Rozman, 26, of Kfar Saba - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Yagev Buchshtab, 35, of Kibbutz Nirim, was abducted from his home on October 7 with his wife Rimon, who was released in the prisoner exchange in November. His family was notified of his death in Hamas captivity on July 22, 2024; IDF forces located his body in the Gaza Strip on August 20, and he was returned to Israel.
Yahav Viner, 37, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home in Kibbutz Kfar Azza.
Yahel Sharabi, 13, of Kibbutz Be’eri – Murdered in her home by Hamas terrorists.
Yair Yaakov, 59, of Kibbutz Nir Oz. Presumed abducted on October 7, it has been confirmed that he was killed on the day of the massacre and his body was taken to Gaza by the Hamas terrorists. His family was notified of his murder on February 15, 2024. 
Yanai Hezroni, 12, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home in Kibbutz Be’eri.
Yaniv Sarudi, 26, of Ashdod - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Yaniv Zohar, 54, of Kibbutz Nahal Oz – a newspaper photographer, he was murdered in his home in Kibbutz Nahal Oz.
Yarden Buskila, 25, of Kibbutz Kfar Masaryk - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Yarin Moshe Efraim, 24, of Petah Tikva – Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Yaroslav Giller, 28, of Carmiel - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Yasmin Bira, 51, of Kibbutz Be'eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home in Kibbutz Be'eri.
Yasmin Zohar, 49, of Kibbutz Nahal Oz - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home in Kibbutz Nahal Oz.
Yazan Zecharia Abu Jama, 5, Arara - Murdered when a rocket struck his home.
Yehezkel (Hezi) Razilov, 30, of Katzrin - Killed in combat with attacking terrorists at Kibbutz Be’eri.
Yehezkel Hezi Hanum, 31, of Petah Tikva - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Yehonatan (Johnny) Siman Tov, 36, of Kibbutz Nir Oz - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home.
Yehonatan Eliyahu, 21, of Rishon LeZion - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Yehonatan Hajbi, 18, of Moshav Yakhini - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in Moshav Yakhini.
Yehonatan Rom, 23, of Mevaseret Zion - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Yehoshua Hatav, 67, of Ashkelon – Killed by rocket fire in Askelon.
Yehuda Bachar, 24, of Beit Shemesh - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Yehudit Weiss, 65, of Kibbutz Be’eri – abducted from her home by Hamas terrorists and subsequently murdered in Hamas captivity.
Yehudit Yitzhaki, 65, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home.
Yiftach Dan Tweg, 27, of Moshav Azaria - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Yiftah Kutz, 14, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza - Murdered in his home in Kibbutz Kfar Azza.
Yiftah Twig, 27, of Moshav Azaria - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Yiftah Yahengilov, 66, of Ofakim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home.
Yigal Flash, 66, of Kfar Azza - Murdered in his home by Hamas terrorists in Kibbutz Kfar Azza.
Yirmiyahu (Yirmi) Shafir, 75, of Kibbutz Nir Oz – Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home.
Yitzhak Cozin, 72, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Murdered in his home in Kibbutz Be’eri.
Yitzhak Itzik Dahan, 48, of Kiriat Malachi - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Yitzhak Siton, 76, of Hod Hasharon – Murdered by Hamas terrorists while visiting family in Kibbutz Be'eri.
Yitzhak Zeiger, 57, a resident of Shavei Shomron, was one of two victims of the deadly terror attack on 29 February at a gas station near Eli, a West Bank settlement north of Ramallah on Thursday evening.
Yizhar Hajbi, 60, of Moshav Yakhini - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in Moshav Yakhini.
Ylena Kostizin, 78, of Ofakim – Murdered in her home in Ofakim.
Yoad Pe’er, 21, of Jerusalem - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Yochai Azulai, 28, of Holon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Yohai Ben Zecharia, 23, of Netanya - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Yona Cohen,73, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home.
Yona Friker, 60, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Murdered in her home by Hamas terrorists.
Yonah Or, 50, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home in Kibbutz Be’eri.
Yonatan Hai Azulai, 28, of Jerusalem - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Yonatan Kutz, 16, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza - Murdered in his home in Kibbutz Kfar Azza.
Yonatan Rapaport, 40, of Kibbutz Be’eri – Murdered in his home in Kibbutz Be’eri.
Yonatan Richter, 48, of Ein Hod - Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Yonatan Samerano, 21, of Tel Aviv – Fled from the Nova Music Festival and managed to reach Kibbutz Be’eri, from where he was abducted by Hamas terrorists to the Gaza Strip.  He was subsequently murdered in captivity; His family was notified of his death on December 3, 2023. 
Yonatan Zahavi, 10, of Ashkelon - Murdered by Hamas terrorists Moshav Yakhini.
Yonatan Zeidman, 26, of Tel Aviv - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Yoram Bar Sinai, 75, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home in Kibbutz Be’eri.
Yoram Metzger, 80, of Kibbutz Nir Oz, was brutally abducted from his home by Hamas terrorists on October 7 together with his wife Tamar, who Hamas released on November 28. Following the gathering of new intelligence findings, the IDF confirmed his death in Hamas captivity, as well as the death of three other hostages: Haim Perry, Amiram Cooper, and Nadav Popplewell. His family was notified of his death on June 3. He is survived by his wife, three children, and seven grandchildren. IDF forces located his body in the Gaza Strip on August 20, and he was returned to Israel.
Yossef (Yussinio) Gross, 75, of Nir Oz - Murdered in his home in Nir Oz by Hamas terrorists.
Yossef Wahab, 65, of Kibbutz Nir Oz - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home in Kibbutz Nir Oz.
Yossi (Zigi) Appleton, 77, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home in Kibbutz Be’eri.
Yossi Sharabi, 51, of Kibbutz Be'eri. Abducted from his home on October 7, he was subsequently murdered in captivity by Hamas. His family was informed of his death on January 16, 2024.
Yossi Silberman, 67, of Kibbutz Nir Oz - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home.
Yotam Haim, 28, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza - Abducted from his home on October 7. He managed to escape from Hamas captivity on December 15, but was mistaken for a terrorist by IDF troops, who opened fire and killed him during battle.
Yulia Chaban, 24, of Arad - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in the attack on Zikim Beach.
Yuliya Didenko Lamai, 29, of Rishon LeZion - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Yuri Lisuboy, 63, of Ashdod - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in the attack on Zikim Beach.
Yuri Yedgarov, 76, of Ofakim - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home.
Yuval Bar On, 35, of Kfar Yona - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Yuval Bar, 65, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home at Kibbutz Be'eri.
Yuval Ben Yehuda, 27, of Ramat Gan - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Yuval Buyum, 21, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza - Murdered by Hamas terrorists during the attack on the kibbutz.
Yuval Doron Kastleman, 38, of Mevaseret Zion – Killed while neutralizing a terrorist attack at the entrance to Jerusalem on Thursday, November 30. Hamas has claimed responsibility for the attack. 
Yuval Rabia, 33, of Moshav Yesha - Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Yuval Solomon, 29, of Kibbutz Kfar Azza – Killed while battling Hamas terrorists who attacked the kibbutz.
Yvonne Eden Patricia Rubio Vargas, 27, of Kfar Saba - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Zaher Bashara, 38, of the Druze village Ein Qiniyye, was killed on Wednesday, 27 March by a rocket salvo launched by Hezbollah from Lebanon.
Ze’ev Hacker, 72 of Kibbutz Be’eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in his home in Kibbutz Be’eri.
Zehava Hacker, 68, of Kibbutz Be’eri - Murdered by Hamas terrorists in her home in Kibbutz Be’eri.
Zelta Kosovski, 28, of Kiriat Gat - Murdered at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Zinaida Beilin, 60, of Sderot - Murdered by Hamas terrorists while on a tour bus that stopped in Sderot.
Zion Levi, 72, of Moshav Dekel – Murdered in his car at Tzohar Junction by Hamas terrorists. 
Zishon Won, 36, a Chinese national – Murdered by Hamas terrorists in Sderot.
Ziv Frenkel, 22, of Kiriat Motzkin - Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Ziv Hajbi, 29, of Kibbutz Gevim- Murdered by Hamas terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im.
Ziv Pepe Shapira, 26, of Kibbutz Nir Am - Murdered by terrorists at the Nova Music Festival at Kibbutz Re'im. 
Ziv Shopen, 56, of Kibbutz Be’eri – Killed fighting terrorists during the attack on Kibbutz B’eri.
Ziva Ovitz, 77, of Moshav Ami’oz – Murdered in her home in Moshav Ami’oz
Zohar Meiri, 55, of Sderot.
Zoya Zemkov, 45, of Ofakim - Murdered in her home by Hamas terrorists.

